competitions.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Competitions
subtitle: Our competition calendar
---

| Date              | Competition		| Time & Location | Registration | Registration Deadline
| -----------       | --------            | --- | ----- | --- |
| November 6, 2024  | [AMC 10A](/amc) | RMS Library, 1:00-2:45 (Tentative) | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | October 27, 2024
| November 12, 2024 | [AMC 10B](/amc) | RMS Library, 2:30-4:15 (Tentative) | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | November 3, 2024
| December, 2024 | [KPMT](https://newportmathclub.com/kpmt.html) | Newport High School | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | TBD
| January 22-28, 2025  | [AMC 8](/amc) | TBD | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | January 12, 2025
| February 8, 2025  | [Math Is Cool](https://academicsarecool.com/#/home) | Liberty High School | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | January 4, 2025


All competitions are **optional**.

[2023-2024 schedule](/competitions-2324.md)

[2022-2023 schedule](/competitions-2223.md)

[2021-2022 schedule](/competitions-2122.md)

[2020-2021 schedule](/competitions-2021.md)

[2019-2020 schedule](/competitions-1920.md)

Commit message:

Update Mathcounts in competitions.md

competitions.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Competitions
subtitle: Our competition calendar
---

| Date              | Competition		| Time & Location | Registration | Registration Deadline
| -----------       | --------            | --- | ----- | --- |
| November 6, 2024  | [AMC 10A](/amc) | RMS Library, 1:00-2:45 (Tentative) | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | October 27, 2024
| November 12, 2024 | [AMC 10B](/amc) | RMS Library, 2:30-4:15 (Tentative) | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | November 3, 2024
| December, 2024 | [KPMT](https://newportmathclub.com/kpmt.html) | Newport High School | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | TBD
| January 22-28, 2025  | [AMC 8](/amc) | TBD | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | January 12, 2025
| February 8, 2025  | [Math Is Cool Regoinals](https://academicsarecool.com/#/home) | Liberty High School | [Signup sheet](https://rmsptsa.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/mathclub/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6A365444-F8CA-4087-9D13-2A268FEEA9B1%7D&file=Competitions%20&%20Teams.xlsx=&action=default&mobileredirect=true) | January 4, 2025
| February, 2025  | Mathcounts Chapter | TBD | By Invitation | By Invitation


All competitions are **optional**.

[2023-2024 schedule](/competitions-2324.md)

[2022-2023 schedule](/competitions-2223.md)

[2021-2022 schedule](/competitions-2122.md)

[2020-2021 schedule](/competitions-2021.md)

[2019-2020 schedule](/competitions-1920.md)
