index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: RMS Math Club
subtitle: Keep up to date with our latest news and content.
use-site-title: true
---

## Welcome to the 2025-2026 season!

More information about this year's math club will be available after parent night in September. Please subscribe to the
[RMS PTSA Bear Tracks newsletter](http://tinyurl.com/GetBearTracks) to be among the first to know.

1. New to math club? Check out our [welcome video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP58Q_IAsq8).

2. **(Required)** Register for the [2025-2026 math club](http://rmsptsa.org/Packet/MathClubReg).

3. Your parent and student emails will be added as guests to the RMS PTSA Math Club group so you can access the PTSA Office 365 portal. The kickoff email will be sent in September, 2025.

4. Opt in to [competitions](/competitions).

## Top links

- [Coaching session homework and schedule](/schedule) (sessions onsite at RMS this year)
- [Competition schedule](/competitions)
- [About coaching sessions and school mini competitions](/sessions)
- [Accessing the PTSA portal](/portal)

Commit message:

Schedule Update and Info Night

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: RMS Math Club
subtitle: Keep up to date with our latest news and content.
use-site-title: true
---

## Welcome to the 2025-2026 season!

More information about this year's math club will be available after parent night in September. Please subscribe to the
[RMS PTSA Bear Tracks newsletter](http://tinyurl.com/GetBearTracks) to be among the first to know.

Parent Info Night will be on Wednesday 9/24 7 -8 PM. Please join the meeting using Teams link https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MTZmMGU4NmItOTA1My00NDY0LWFjNzMtNjRjZjA4YzYxMWNk%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%22f2d61132-f6d6-42d2-b97f-caa2960fb0f7%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%223b8970ea-cdf8-428d-804c-cb24cf390562%22%7d 

or using:   
Meeting ID: 247 873 794 461 3    
Passcode: 36PQ3tF7

1. New to math club? Check out our [welcome video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP58Q_IAsq8).

2. **(Required)** Register for the [2025-2026 math club](http://rmsptsa.org/Packet/MathClubReg).

3. Your parent and student emails will be added as guests to the RMS PTSA Math Club group so you can access the PTSA Office 365 portal. The kickoff email will be sent in September, 2025.

4. Opt in to [competitions](/competitions).

## Top links

- [Coaching session homework and schedule](/schedule) (sessions onsite at RMS this year)
- [Competition schedule](/competitions)
- [About coaching sessions and school mini competitions](/sessions)
- [Accessing the PTSA portal](/portal)
